#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
a2wsgi==1.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
alembic==1.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic-utils
    #   flask-migrate
alembic-utils==0.8.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask
asserts==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
black==24.4.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   sentry-sdk
boto3==1.34.145
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
botocore==1.34.145
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
colored==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
connexion[flask,swagger-ui,uvicorn]==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyjwt
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
filelock==3.15.4
    # via virtualenv
flake8==7.1.0
    # via flake8-pyproject
flake8-pyproject==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flask[async]==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-redis
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   pytest-flask
    #   sentry-sdk
flask-babel==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-marshmallow==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-migrate==4.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-redis==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flupy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic-utils
funding-service-design-utils @ git+https://github.com/communitiesuk/funding-service-design-utils.git@fs-4647-a
    # via -r requirements.txt
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
identify==2.6.0
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
invoke==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   swagger-ui-bundle
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
mako==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mypy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   gunicorn
    #   marshmallow
    #   prance
    #   pytest
parse==1.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic-utils
pathable==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema-path
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prance==23.6.21.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pre-commit==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
pycodestyle==2.12.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   pyjwt
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-env==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-flask==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   pre-commit
    #   uvicorn
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-redis
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   prance
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
rich==12.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
rpds-py==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
sentry-sdk[flask]==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   sentry-sdk
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy[mypy]==2.0.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   alembic-utils
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
starlette==0.37.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
swagger-ui-bundle==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   flake8-pyproject
    #   mypy
    #   pip-tools
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-env
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   a2wsgi
    #   alembic
    #   alembic-utils
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   asserts
    #   black
    #   connexion
    #   flupy
    #   mypy
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   uvicorn
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   uvicorn
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via pre-commit
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
websockets==12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   pytest-flask
wheel==0.43.0
    # via pip-tools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
